https://github.com/PumpkinMH/.dotfiles

Overall, completing the lab was not too difficult. It was shorter than I was expecting considering how early on the lab was assigned and how much time we had to complete it. However, there were still some problems I faced.

In order to complete the lab, I initially was just using Ubuntu via WSL on Windows 11, but then I just decided to use ssh on WSL in order to access the linux lab. I could have just used ssh on powershell, but bash is vastly superior to powershell :). I already had a GitHub account for a previous class, so I didn't have to worry about that. Creating a new repository was also pretty simple as well. Setting up the git config was not difficult either, although it did not really make sense to me. Using the keygen also was pretty easy as it was pretty obvious which file was the private key and which file was the public key.

The actual git commands is where I started running in to trouble however. Setting up the dotfiles directory and README was not difficult at all, but initializing the repo did not go according to plan. For some reason, the git push command was giving some red error about not pushing files. It turns out, I forgot to execute the branch command, so that is what the problem was. I then used git reset and then tried executing the commands again. After executing git push, it gave me a different error. This time, it was about lacking public key permissions and that it could not read from the repository. I then just decided to remove the .git directory and start all over, and then I executed the commands again, and it finally worked this time. I then went to check the bash history file to check the commands, but I do not see all of there for some reason. I am guessing it only shows the commands from before the last exit. Once I exited and redid ssh, it showed the commands once again. The only other problem was that when I was using ssh, I forgot the order of the IP address and the user name, so I could not get ssh to work, but then I figured out my error and it was fine after that. 
